fix github app manifests docs ✨ (#1424)
github/docs: content/developers/apps/creating-a-github-app-from-a-manifest.md

1. [Generate a new GitHub App](https://probot.github.io/docs/development/#generating-a-new-app).
1. Open the project you created, and customize the settings in the `app.yml` file. Probot uses the settings in `app.yml` as the [GitHub App Manifest parameters](#github-app-manifest-parameters).
1. Add your application's custom code.

> 1. [Run the GitHub App locally](https://probot.github.io/docs/development/#running-the-app-locally) or [host it anywhere you'd like](#hosting-your-app-with-glitch). When you navigate to the hosted app's URL, you'll find a web page with a **Register GitHub App** button that can be clicked to create a preconfigured app. The web page below is Probot's implementation of [step 1](#1-you-redirect-people-to-github-to-create-a-new-github-app) in the GitHub App Manifest flow:

Reviewer: Let's revert this change, as we use active voice whenever possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Run the GitHub App locally](https://probot.github.io/docs/development/#running-the-app-locally) or [host it anywhere you'd like](#hosting-your-app-with-glitch). When you navigate to the hosted app's URL, you'll find a web page with a **Register GitHub App** button that people can click to create a preconfigured app. The web page below is Probot's implementation of [step 1](#1-you-redirect-people-to-github-to-create-a-new-github-app) in the GitHub App Manifest flow:
```
